= DB Observer REST API
:toc: left

:sectlinks:
:sectnums:

== Connection Config Controller

=== Get Connection Configurations

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/connection-config/get-connection-configs/http-request.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/connection-config/get-connection-configs/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/connection-config/get-connection-configs/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Create Connection Configuration

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/connection-config/create-connection-config/http-request.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/connection-config/create-connection-config/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP request fields
include::{snippets}/connection-config/create-connection-config/request-fields.adoc[]

=== Update Connection Configuration

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/connection-config/update-connection-config/http-request.adoc[]

==== HTTP path parameters
include::{snippets}/connection-config/update-connection-config/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/connection-config/update-connection-config/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP request fields
include::{snippets}/connection-config/update-connection-config/request-fields.adoc[]

=== Delete Connection Configuration

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/connection-config/delete-connection-config/http-request.adoc[]

==== HTTP path parameters
include::{snippets}/connection-config/delete-connection-config/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/connection-config/delete-connection-config/http-response.adoc[]

== Browsing Controller

=== Get Schemas

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-schemas/http-request.adoc[]

==== HTTP request parameters
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-schemas/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-schemas/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-schemas/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Get Tables

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-tables/http-request.adoc[]

==== HTTP path parameters
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-tables/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP request parameters
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-tables/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-tables/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-tables/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Get Columns

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-columns/http-request.adoc[]

==== HTTP path parameters
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-columns/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP request parameters
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-columns/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-columns/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-columns/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Get Table Preview

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-table-preview/http-request.adoc[]

==== HTTP path parameters
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-table-preview/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP request parameters
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-table-preview/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-table-preview/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/browsing/get-table-preview/response-fields.adoc[]

== Statistics Controller

=== Get Tables Statistic

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/statistic/get-tables-statistic/http-request.adoc[]

==== HTTP request parameters
include::{snippets}/statistic/get-tables-statistic/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/statistic/get-tables-statistic/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/statistic/get-tables-statistic/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Get Columns Statistic

==== HTTP request
include::{snippets}/statistic/get-columns-statistic/http-request.adoc[]

==== HTTP path parameters
include::{snippets}/statistic/get-columns-statistic/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP request parameters
include::{snippets}/statistic/get-columns-statistic/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== HTTP response
include::{snippets}/statistic/get-columns-statistic/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response fields
include::{snippets}/statistic/get-columns-statistic/response-fields.adoc[]